An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
The procedures selected depend on the auditor's judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
In making those risk assessments, the auditor considers internal control relevant to the entity's preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity's internal control.
An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.
Opinion In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Bank as of 31 December 2010, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards.
The Bank's principal business activity is commercial and retail banking operations within the Russian Federation
The Bank has seven (2009: seven) branches within the Russian Federation. Registered address and place of business.
The Bank's principal place of business is the Russian Federation. Presentation currency.
These financial statements are presented in thousands of Russian Roubles ("RR thousands"), unless otherwise stated.
The future economic direction of the Russian Federation is largely dependent upon the effectiveness of economic, financial and monetary measures undertaken by the Government, together with tax, legal, regulatory, and political developments
People of all ages and backgrounds take drugs for many reasons: to feel as though they fit into a group, to help them relax, to have fun, to cope with stress, boredom, sadness or changes in their life, or to try out the effects.
Fees integral to the effective interest rate include origination fees received or paid by the entity relating to the creation or acquisition of a financial asset or issuance of a financial liability, for example fees for evaluating creditworthiness, evaluating and recording guarantees or collateral, negotiating the terms of the instrument and for processing transaction documents.
Rating agency AK&M: national scale creditworthiness rating at A level with stable outlook, the rating was confirmed on 1 February 2010. 
On 28 February 2011 rating agency AK&M assigned national creditworthiness rating B++ with stable outlook to the Bank. 
